This project consists of an Iterated function system editor written in Python code in 2015.  I stuck to some basic tools like TKinter.  One of the projects was for my Math 595 computer animation class, but afterwards I tweaked it a bit to allow for some user friendly features.  As of now the project is incomplete (transformation settings in the format menu don't do anything right now), but the generation of iterated function systems employing up to 8 functions is working  well.  

WARNING: this project was made with an old version of python.  some functions might no longer work in newer versions

Current bug to fix: create_square function is often called, but it doesn't clear the undo history, so if you create a new square in the middle of your usage of the function call, you will get your configuration order mixed up.  There might be some weird thing going on with the record history as well

EDIT: redo bug should now be fixed, but I need to test it (I'm confident it should work, because the code change was minimal, but try at your own risk).

EDIT 2: clearer documentation added to fun-IFS-editor.py

RELEVANT FILES:
some of these files contain copies of code found online, which I used to help me learn TKinter, but they are NOT my own code.  The parts that are original to me are: 
fun-IFS-editor.py (this is the most current version of the editor), 
IFS_editor_documenation.html (.txt) (gives instructions how to use the school project version.  the .txt version has information on the updated-for-fun version as well), 
Iterated_function_systems.txt (this is a file containing all the IFS configurations that I saved), 
documentation.txt (just a brief log of some things I was working on during my school project), 
all the .png pictures generated by the IFS editor, 
school-project.py (this was the school version)

